### Figure Captions

- Figure 1. Temporal cross-validation measures. Each panel shows a calculated metric (row) for a model (column) at different forecast horizons (x-axis). The horizontal dashed line indicates the overall metric across all horizons. WIS, dispersion, under- and over-prediction have a zero lower bound and are negatively oriented (the lower the better). Coverage deviation and bias are bound between -1 and 1 and ideally zero.    

- Figure 2. Monthly mortality in the United States. (top) Orange bands show the estimated expected monthly mortality in the absence of a pandemic (darker region: interquartile range; lighter region: 95% prediction interval). The red data points show observed monthly all-cause mortality. The blue shaded regions show the corresponding uncertainty of the excess monthly mortality (secondary y-axis, right) and the black data points represent deaths with Covid-19 as the underlying cause of death. Data points are filled in if they are statistically significant. Observed all-cause deaths within the lighter orange band can be interpreted as absence of statistically significant excess mortality in that month; reported Covid-19 deaths within the lighter blue band can be interpreted as an absence of excess mortality beyond what was directly attributed to Covid-19. (bottom) Historical mortality rate (per 100,000 population) in the 15 years before the pandemic plus 4 pandemic years (black), and ensemble projections during the pandemic period (orange bands, as in top plot).     

- Figure 3. Annual excess mortality rate (per 100,000 population) in the United States stratified by age and sex. In each age group (panel), the darker box shows the interquartile range of the estimates, and the lighter region represents the 95% prediction interval. A 95% prediction interval that crosses the y=0 line is not statistically significant. Text on y=0 line report median estimate. Top row shows unstratified estimate for the whole age group and bottom row reports sex-stratified estimates. Note that the y-axis of each panel has a different range/scale.    

- Figure 4. Annual state-level age-standardized excess mortality rates (per 100,000 population). States with positive excess estimates (more deaths than expected) are shown in shades of red and states with no statistically significant excess in white.    

- Figure 5. Comparison of excess mortality in each state with Covid-19 certified deaths. Each panel plots the annual age-standardized excess mortality rate (per 100,000 population) in a state (y-axis) against mortality rate from Covid-19 (x-axis). The point denotes the median estimate, and the error bars represent the 95% prediction interval. Data points above the horizontal line y=0 indicate excess mortality and those above the diagonal (y=x) indicate higher excess mortality than attributable to Covid-19. Arrows connecting data points show year-to-year transitions.    
